# About

This package provisions a node to be part of a hashicorp vault cluster.

# Usage

## Input

The module takes the following variables as input:

- **name**: Name of the vm
- **vcpus**: Number of vcpus to assign to the vm. Defaults to 1.
- **memory**: Amount of memory to assign to the vm in MiB. Defaults to 512.
- **volume_id**: Id of the disk volume to attach to the vm.
- **libvirt_network**: Parameters to connect to libvirt networks. Each entry has the following keys:
  - **network_id**: Id (ie, uuid) of the libvirt network to connect to (in which case **network_name** should be an empty string).
  - **network_name**: Name of the libvirt network to connect to (in which case **network_id** should be an empty string).
  - **ip**: Ip of interface connecting to the libvirt network.
  - **mac**: Mac address of interface connecting to the libvirt network.
  - **prefix_length**:  Length of the network prefix for the network the interface will be connected to. For a **192.168.1.0/24** for example, this would be **24**.
  - **gateway**: Ip of the network's gateway. Usually the gateway the first assignable address of a libvirt's network.
  - **dns_servers**: Dns servers to use. Usually the dns server is first assignable address of a libvirt's network.
- **macvtap_interfaces**: List of macvtap interfaces to connect the vm to if you opt for macvtap interfaces. Each entry in the list is a map with the following keys:
  - **interface**: Host network interface that you plan to connect your macvtap interface with.
  - **prefix_length**: Length of the network prefix for the network the interface will be connected to. For a **192.168.1.0/24** for example, this would be 24.
  - **ip**: Ip associated with the macvtap interface. 
  - **mac**: Mac address associated with the macvtap interface
  - **gateway**: Ip of the network's gateway for the network the interface will be connected to.
  - **dns_servers**: Dns servers for the network the interface will be connected to. If there aren't dns servers setup for the network your vm will connect to, the ip of external dns servers accessible accessible from the network will work as well.
- **cloud_init_volume_pool**: Name of the volume pool that will contain the cloud-init volume of the vm.
- **cloud_init_volume_name**: Name of the cloud-init volume that will be generated by the module for your vm. If left empty, it will default to ``<vm name>-cloud-init.iso``.
- **ssh_admin_user**: Username of the default sudo user in the image. Defaults to **ubuntu**.
- **admin_user_password**: Optional password for the default sudo user of the image. Note that this will not enable ssh password connections, but it will allow you to log into the vm from the host using the **virsh console** command.
- **ssh_admin_public_key**: Public part of the ssh key that will be used to login as the admin on the vm.
- **chrony**: Optional chrony configuration for when you need a more fine-grained ntp setup on your vm. It is an object with the following fields:
  - **enabled**: If set to false (the default), chrony will not be installed and the vm ntp settings will be left to default.
  - **servers**: List of ntp servers to sync from with each entry containing two properties, **url** and **options** (see: https://chrony.tuxfamily.org/doc/4.2/chrony.conf.html#server)
  - **pools**: A list of ntp server pools to sync from with each entry containing two properties, **url** and **options** (see: https://chrony.tuxfamily.org/doc/4.2/chrony.conf.html#pool)
  - **makestep**: An object containing remedial instructions if the clock of the vm is significantly out of sync at startup. It is an object containing two properties, **threshold** and **limit** (see: https://chrony.tuxfamily.org/doc/4.2/chrony.conf.html#makestep)
- **install_dependencies**: Whether cloud-init should install external dependencies (should be set to false if you already provide an image with the external dependencies built-in). Defaults to true.
- **release_version**: Vault release version to install. Defaults to 1.13.1.
- **tls**: Tls configuration for secure communication with vault. It has the following keys:
  - **ca_certificate**: Ca certificate to authentify the server.
  - **server_certificate**: Tls certificate to authentify the server.
  - **server_key**: Tls private key to authentify the server.
  - **client_auth**: Whether to turn on client authentication.
- **etcd_backend**: Client connection configuration for the etcd cluster to connect to as a storage backend. It has the following keys:
  - **key_prefix**: Prefix in etcd's keyspace to use to detect envoy's configuration. Note that the key containing the configuration is assumed to have envoy's node id appended to that prefix.
  - **urls**: Urls of the etcd cluster. Should be a comma-separated list.
  - **ca_certificate**: CA certificate that should be used to authentify the etcd cluster's server certificates.
  - **client**: Client authentication to etcd. It should have the following keys.
    - **certificate**: Client certificate to use to authentify against etcd. Can be empty if password authentication is used.
    - **key**: Client key to use to authentify against etcd. Can be empty is password authentication is used.
    - **username**: Username to use for password authentication. Can be empty if certificate authentication is used.
    - **password**: Password to use for password authentication. Can be empty is certificate authentication is used.